If the knife you live with can go beyond the wall
I will make you the Admiral of the Ordnance Bureau
Come and bring up my great sword
It opened his eyes.
This is my perfect sword
Where's your knife?
Are you afraid to take it out?
Hahahaha bring my knife
Hahaha Wang Xun
I thought you had a good knife
I didn't expect it to be a kitchen knife
Are you crazy?
Grandstanding clown
Zhang Ning
If I had a subordinate like you
I would have cut it to feed the dog long ago
I can't afford to lose this person.
Wang Qun
Did you take it wrong?
This is a kitchen knife.
Don't worry, princess.
Treat this rubbish
A kitchen knife is enough
My kitchen knife is made of top-quality stainless steel
Technology is thousands of years ahead of its time
What is he, Master Ou, no matter how powerful he is
It can also surpass the high-tech people of later generations
Hahahaha
Is this kid crazy?
Wang Xun
You kneel down and kowtow for us right now
We can consider sparing your life
or
You asked your son to kneel down and kowtow to me
How about I consider not bringing down your Dong family?
What a big breath
The emperor's old officials feel that the victory is already divided
No need to compare
Lao Xue, you are so disappointing
Family members take off their hands